well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we're gonna talk about the
impeachment tomorrow's the big day
someone's gonna testify today did not go
well for the president even the
witnesses the Republicans called
presented evidence and testimony that
was damaging to the president the big
question that's being asked to the media
right now is whether or not Soglin will
be believed tomorrow it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter what he says matters a
little but that's not much not really
because the rest of the testimonies
already again we have a very clear
picture of the president's actions at
this point take quid-pro-quo out of it
take all of that stuff out of it
understand that simply asking for the
statement is a crime that's crime you
cannot solicit a thing of value from a
foreign national for campaign the fact
that it was about a statement announcing
the investigation and not the
investigation itself is kind of telling
it's about influencing the domestic
election all of this is on the record
that's what historians are gonna look at
and from this point forward it's not
about the immediate political fallout
it's about the long-term fallout this
Senate can be viewed as the one that put
a check on executive power it can be the
one that put party politics aside and
said no this is not what our republic is
supposed to be it can be that
it's not the way they're leaning but it
could be that when it gets to the Senate
they could choose to convict and remove
or not or not they have sole power over
the trial they could they could choose
to do nothing and dismiss it however
historians will look back at this and
they will see the testimony that has
already been entered and that's what
it'll be judged by and as executive
power grows this will be the turning
point you know people are saying that
tomorrow is the big day everything
hinges on on someone's testimony it
doesn't it's already gone songlines
testimony is an afterthought it really
determines whether or not he goes down
with the president in history that's
what it determines his initial testimony
conflicts with what was given by pretty
much all of the other witnesses he has
already had to revise that testimony
okay but tomorrow he can go in and say
sorry I remember everything now this is
this is what happened and come clean
tell the truth whatever it is and that
that will determine his place when
historians look back on this the Senate
is the one that's really under the
microscope at this point the historical
microscope the long-term microscope the
one that is gonna be talked about Mitch
McConnell may go down in history as the
guy that allowed the executive branch to
become all-powerful now that the
Republicans need to remember as the
suburbs flee the president in the
electorate and just kind of now kind of
done with him is that there will be a
Democrat presidents in
and the executive power that Trump has
been able to usurp will then belong to
that president if the current president
can get away with everything that has
been done and there is no check the next
democratic president will - it's
something that Republicans should really
consider long-term it is in the
Republicans best interests to remove the
president if they don't when Elizabeth
Warren or maybe one day Nancy Pelosi or
whoever occupies that office and uses
the executive powers that have been
seated from the legislative branch and
does things the Republicans don't like
they can't say anything and they won't
be able to do anything because the
president is being set right now
allowing foreign nationals to influence
our election it's going to be a mighty
heart to complain about foreign treaties
there's a whole bunch riding on this and
it goes far far beyond partisan politics
the Senate this Senate will go down in
history one way or the other
it will be the one that stopped the
hemorrhaging of power from the
legislative branch to the executive
branch or it will be the one that turned
the Senate and the legislative branch as
a whole and do a rubber stamp for
whatever authoritarian designs to occupy
that office I don't think that history
is going to look kindly on a lot of the
senators that are going to have to vote
I'm certain it's not going to they're
talking about a lot of favorable things
written about the Republicans that are
currently involved in the impeachment
hearings they're going to have a real
bad look their legacy will be that of
cronies who would try to defend the
president no matter his actions anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night